hi folks it's mike with getmytips.com
with my technique for cooking brats on
the grill now I use a cast-iron skillet
and some hickory chips to flavor the
brats while they're cooking cooking
brats in a cast-iron skillet helps
prevent that burning and scorching and
erupting that you see when you cook
brats directly on the grill so let's go
outside and see how we do that okay it's
been about 15 minutes now and you can
see that the hickory wood chips are
starting to smolder so it's time to put
the cast-iron skillet on now I always
use an oven mitt any time I touch a
cast-iron skillet it's just a habit
because if a cast-iron skillet is hot it
can fool you and you can really get
burned so let's close the grill and let
the brats start cooking
okay our pan with our brats in it has
been on the grill for about 10 minutes
let's take a look oh yeah looking good
hickory smoke is going around
see how nice and symmetrical these are
these they haven't exploded let's stick
a little bit we're gonna put on my oven
it
you shake them a little bit if they
stick right complete there we go all
right cook some more and we'll be back
okay right now total cooking time has
been about 20 minutes let's use our
server pen to check the internal
temperature of the sausage they're
definitely done where you're looking for
160 these are definitely cooked let's
put some grill marks on them that's nice
okay folks there you have it that's my
version of how to cook brats on the
grill using a cast iron skillet with
some hickory wood chips to add flavor I
think you'll enjoy them try it